Web Development in Python using the Pyramid Framework 

I am using a relatively slow speed laptop that boots Windows 10 and Linux 18.  The lastest version of Windows 10, 1903, screwed up the Wi-Fi so I am running Windows 10 version 1809 (Sep-2019).  Linux 19 (2019) is available, but Linux 18 (2018) is more for long term.  

Python 2.7 and 3.6 are builtin to Linux 18.  Pyramid requires 2.7 through 3.7.  

https://docs.pylonsproject.org/projects/pyramid/en/latest/quick_tutorial/index.html

Pyramid uses venv app and pip app.  venv means we make a whole software development environment with all the compilers, interpreters, libraries for our project.  That way if there is an interpreter or library update that might conflict with out project, we keep the development software with the software we are writing as a unit.  

There are builtin ways to load software tools and libraries, but we will use the pip tool because many of the libraries are not standard.  

Web development is different because the languages, libraries, and utilities are rapidly changing.  Some changes are helpful and some are not.  We will keep our particular group of development tools with the code we are writing.  If something works we keep it and do not care what software is installed on our computer outside of our project.  If something installed conflicts with anything in our project, we keep it outside of our project tools and project code.  

For instance we write 3 projects that all use the same development tools.  Then we create a directory structuere with one set of development tools accessed by 3 projects.  If we move to another computer, we copy the development tools with the 3 projects as a unit.  The development tools plus projects code is called a workspace.  

Python uses the word package to indicate a style of coding that relates our code scattered in different subdirectories.  

https://add0n.com/useragent-switcher.html?version=0.3.0&type=install

https://linuxconfig.org/watch-sling-tv-with-firefox-on-linux 

